hello everybody today I will show you
how to make Mapo tofu this recipe is
very easy to make and the taste is very
delicious savory and spicy first cut the
tofu into some square pieces
put one tablespoon cornstarch
yes mobile add 3 tbsp water
this is Mapo tofu paste I got it from
Asia supermarket
I'd recommend it now stir-fry the
groundhog
then add the paste
still fry for about two minutes and when
cup water and tofu pieces
sprinkle salt
cover and cook for about five minutes at
medium heat
finally add cornstarch and gently stir
now is ready to serve this recipe is
very delicious spicy tender and soft
enjoy thank you for watching see you
next time